An RFC Stream Manager Committee (RSMC) would be formed, consisting
solely of the four Stream Managers. They would need to approve each
process change, but objections need to be limited to the question of
whether a specific change would cause harm to their own Stream.  The
specific voting rules are TBD, but the obvious choices are unanimity
or 3/4 supermajority. If we require unanimity, that creates the
concern of allowing one manager to stonewall, which seems suboptimal.

The IAB would be responsible for ensuring that the process was
followed. I think the easiest way to do this is not for them to
formally approve documents coming out of the WG but rather for them to
be an appeals body. However, the appeal grounds should be limited to
process issues, not substantive objections. I hear that there are
concerns that the WG won’t listen to expert advice. In my opinion, the
right balance here is that the expert gets an opportunity to speak and
the process requires they be heard and the WG explicitly decide not to
take their opinion, but the WG is the final decision maker. Then “WG
did not fully consider and decide on whether to take expert advice”
can become an appeal ground, but it’s not an opportunity for the IAB
to substitute their own judgement for the WG’s.

In short, the WG would be responsible for the strategic work, but would
be subject to two forms of narrowly scoped review: the stream
managers for "this will break my stream" and the IAB for "the
process wasn't followed".
